(DOCSP-11657): Server status and info methods (#28)
mongodb/docs-mongodb-shell: source/reference/methods.txt

     - Runs a :manual:`database command </reference/command>`.

Server Status Methods
---------------------

.. list-table::
   :widths: 30 70
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Method

     - Description

   * - :method:`db.hostInfo()`

>      - Returns a document with information about the system that runs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Returns a document with information about the system running
```
